---
aliases: ["data preparation", "подготовка данных"]
---
MOC:  [[110 Data Science]]

---

Предположим, что у нас есть [[Raw Data|сырые данные]]. Для анализа их нужно подготовить.

1. Первый этап
### Preprocessing

#### Class-labeling the observations
This consists of arranging data by category, or labelling data points to the correct data type (e.g., for traditional data this can be numerical / categorical; for big data – txt, digital image, digital audio).

#### Data cleansing / data scrubbing
Dealing with inconsistent data, such as misspelled categories & missing values.

#### Data balancing
If the categories in the data contain an unequal number of observations, they may not be representative of the population.

Balancing methods, like extracting an equal number of observations for each category, and preparing that for processing, fix the issue.

#### Data shuffling
Re-arranging data points to eliminate unwanted patterns and improve predictive performance further on.

This is applied, for example, if the first 100 observations in the data are from the first 100 people who have used a website; the data isn’t randomized, and patterns due to sampling emerge.
 
#### Data masking (big data)
Aims to ensure that any confidential information in the data remains private, without hindering the analysis and extraction of insight. Masking involves concealing the original data with random and false data, allowing the scientist to conduct their analyses without compromising private details. This can be done to traditional data too, but big data information can be much more sensitive.

