---
uuid: 20220804211127
created: 2022-08-04T21:11:27
alias: 
---

[[Manage Your Day-to-Day: Build Your Routine, Find Your Focus, and Sharpen Your Creative Mind (99U)]]

1.  It’s time to stop blaming our surroundings and start taking responsibility. While no workplace is perfect, it turns out that our gravest challenges are a lot more primal and personal. **Our individual practices ultimately determine what we do and how well we do it.** Specifically, it’s our routine (or lack thereof), our capacity to work proactively rather than reactively, and our ability to systematically optimize our work habits over time that determine our ability to make ideas happen.
2. The biggest problem we face today is “**reactionary workflow**.” We have started to live a life pecking away at the many inboxes around us, trying to stay afloat by responding and reacting to the latest thing: e-mails, text messages, tweets, and so on.
3. Truly great creative achievements require hundreds, if not thousands, of hours of work, and we have to make time every single day to put in those hours. Routines help us do this by setting expectations about availability, aligning our workflow with our energy levels, and getting our minds into a regular rhythm of creating. At the end of the day—or, really, from the beginning—**building a routine is all about persistence and consistency.** **Don’t wait for inspiration; create a framework for it.**
4.  The single **most important change you can make in your working habits is to switch to creative work first, reactive work second**. This means blocking off a large chunk of time every day for creative work on your own priorities, with the phone and e-mail off.
5.  But strategies are universal, and there are a lot of talented folks who are not succeeding the way they want to because their strategies are broken.
6. The **strategy is to have a practice**, and what it means **to have a practice is to regularly and reliably do the work in a habitual way**.
7.  The second key finding is that our bodies follow what are known as **ultradian rhythms**—**ninety-minute periods at the end of which we reach the limits of our capacity to work at the highest level.** **It’s possible to push ourselves past ninety minutes by relying on coffee**, or sugar, or by summoning our own stress hormones, but when we do so we’re overriding our physiological need for intermittent rest and renewal. Eventually, **there’s a price to pay.**
8.  Even if you have cast-iron willpower, the mere fact that the Internet is lying in wait on your computer takes a toll on your work performance. **The very act of resisting temptations eats up concentration and leaves you mentally depleted.** Psychologists demonstrated this in a 2011 study. Participants at the University of Copenhagen were told to perform a computer task. Afterward, some of them were allowed to watch a funny video, while the others were faced with a play button for the video, but had to resist pressing it (akin to a tempting YouTube clip on your computer). When confronted with an additional task afterward, those who had to resist the video performed worse than those who were allowed to watch it.
9.  No matter how much we think we’re in control, our brains have their own agenda. Let’s say you’re working on a writing project in the morning and—for the sake of variety—you decide to leave it unfinished and work on a creative brief in the afternoon. This may seem like a harmless change of pace, but research has shown that the **unfinished** morning **task** **could linger in your mind like a mental itch**, adversely **affecting your performance later on**—an effect that psychologists call “attentional residue”.
10.  While it feels easy enough to put one task on hold to start another, studies like this are a reminder that we find **it very difficult to let go of unfinished challenges**. They continue to draw on our mental resources even after we think we’ve switched focus. What’s more, **attempting to ignore this mental tug drains us even further.** If you can, it’s **best to find a good stopping point on a project—one that frees your mind from nagging questions**—before moving on to another task. That way, you’ll find it easier to achieve mental closure and apply all your energy to the next challenge.
11.  The psychologist B. F. Skinner came up with the idea of random reinforcement, where you give a rat a lever and every hundred times it presses the lever, it gets a piece of food. For the rat, that is exciting. But **if the number is a random number**—any number between one and one hundred—**it actually ends up being more exciting**. And the **rat keeps on working much, much more, even if you take the reward away altogether**.
12.  What should we focus on to help us manage our time better? I think one of the biggest factors is progression markers.
13. There isn’t a linear progression and a sense of progress. So I think the big question is: **how do we make ourselves feel like we’re making progress?**
14.  If that’s the case, you could think about some tricks to remind yourself about your progress. Maybe we should keep a diary? Maybe we should keep older versions of our efforts? Maybe every day we make a new version of a document we are working on so that we can **keep a visible record of our progress**?
15.  Researchers at Stanford University discovered in the 1970s that one of **the best ways to combat negative distractions is simply to embrace positive distractions**. In short, we can fight bad distractions with good distractions.
16.  Set a timer and race the clock to complete a task. Tie unrelated rewards to accomplishments—get a drink from the break room or log on to social media for three minutes after reaching a milestone. Write down every invading and negatively distracting thought and schedule a ten-minute review session later in the day to focus on these anxieties and lay them to rest.
17.  For his book Willpower, psychologist [[Roy Baumeister]] analyzed findings from hundreds of experiments to determine why some people can retain focus for hours, while others can’t. He discovered that **self-control is not genetic or fixed, but rather a skill one can develop and improve with practice**.
18.  Baumeister suggests many **strategies for increasing self-control**. One of these strategies is **to develop a seemingly unrelated habit, such as improving your posture or saying “yes” instead of “yeah” or flossing your teeth every night before bed**. This can strengthen your willpower in other areas of your life.
19.  Two researchers at the University of California, Davis, Drs. Kimberly Elsbach and Andrew Hargadon, discovered that **creativity and efficiency can be enhanced over the course of a workday when workers alternate between mindful and mindless activities**. To relate it to physical exercise, the human mind is better suited for running sprints than marathons.
20.  Shifting from mindful to mindless work gives the brain time to process complex problems in a relaxed state and also restores the energy necessary for the next round of mindful work.
21.  Every person has a different length of time he or she can work before productivity and efficiency begin to decline.
22.  Keeping track of when energy levels rise and fall will help determine a schedule for alternating between mindful and mindless activities.
23.  Be aware of the cost of constant connection. If your focus is always on others—and quenching your appetite for information and external validation—you will miss out on the opportunity to mine the potential of your own mind. Recognize when you’re tuning in to the stream for the wrong reasons. We often look to our devices for a sense of reassurance. Become more aware of the insecurity that pulls you away from the present. You cannot imagine what will be if you are constantly concerned with what already is. Create windows of non-stimulation in your day. Make this time sacred and use it to focus on a separate list of two or three things that are important to you over the long term. Use this time to think, to digest what you’ve learned, and to plan.
24.  Why adopt a crutch only to let your muscles atrophy? Why cheat yourself of the effort? The work, the process, is the goal. It builds character. It makes us better.

---

## 📇 Additional Metadata

- 🗂 Type:: #source/book
- 👤 Authors:: [[99U]], [[Jocelyn K. Glei]]
- ⭐ Rating:: 4
- 👍 Recommended By:: 