---
title: "NetWorker: Log Files and Locations"
source: https://tools.jet.su/emc_kb/000004080/
author:
  - "[[Dell US]]"
published:
created: 2026-02-02
description:
tags:
up:
  - "[[NetWorker]]"
---
Article Number: 000004080

---

Audience Level: Internal

### Article Content

---

###### Instructions

NetWorker sends messages to two types of logs. Plain text log files that are saved with the**.log** extension and unrendered log files that are saved with the *.raw* extension. The *.log* files and the messages that appear in NMC use the locale setting of the service that generates the log message. To view the contents of.log files, use any text editor. Before you can view *.raw* files in a text editor, render the *.raw* file into the locale of the local machine. You can manually render the raw log files or configure NetWorker to render the log files at runtime.

### Log Rendering And Analysis:

- [NetWorker: How to use nsr\_render\_log](https://tools.jet.su/emc_kb/000022793/index.html)
- [NetWorker: How to automatically render daemon.raw to daemon.log in real time](https://tools.jet.su/emc_kb/000023670/index.html)
- [How to set the NetWorker log rollover or truncation time](https://tools.jet.su/emc_kb/000052666/index.html)

### Support Bundles and Log Collection:

[NetWorker: How to Use the NSRGet NetWorker Data Collection Tool.](https://tools.jet.su/emc_kb/000022799/index.html)

### Logs:

### NetWorker Server Log Files:

<table><tbody><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><strong>Component</strong></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><strong>Location on NetWorker Server</strong></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><strong>Description</strong></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">daemon.raw</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><ul><li>Linux: /nsr/logs/daemon.raw</li><li>Windows: C:\Program Files\EMC NetWorker\nsr\logs\daemon.raw</li></ul></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The unrendered daemons (services) log file - This file contains messages about NetWorker service operations.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">rap.log</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><ul><li>Linux: /nsr/logs/rap.log</li><li>Windows: C:\Program Files\EMC NetWorker\nsr\logs\rap.log</li></ul></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This log details changes to the NetWorker server's resource database including which NetWorker user account made the change.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">nsrim.raw</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><ul><li>Linux: /nsr/logs/nsrim.raw</li><li>Windows: C:\Program Files\EMC NetWorker\nsr\logs\nsrim.raw</li></ul></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nsrim performs aging of control data and consistency check of the media database. This log details when a save set is marked as eligible for deletion as per its retention settings.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Client fix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><ul><li>Linux:<ul><li>/nsr/logs/client_fix</li><li>/nsr/logs/client_fix.raw</li></ul></li><li>Windows:<ul><li>C:\Program Files\EMC<br>NetWorker\nsr\logs\client_fix</li><li>C:\Program Files\EMC<br>NetWorker\nsr\logs\client_fix.raw</li></ul></li></ul></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contains status information that is related to the use of the nsr_client_fix command</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NetWorker Server generated syslog messages and daemon.notice</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><ul><li>Linux: Operating system log file that is defined by the system log configuration file. Typically: /var/log/messages</li><li>Windows: C:\Program Files\EMC<br>NetWorker\nsr\logs\messages</li></ul></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contains general NetWorker error messages</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Disaster recovery command-line wizard, nsrdr program</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><ul><li>Linux: /nsr/logs/nsrdr.log</li><li>Windows: C:\Program Files\EMC<br>NetWorker\nsr\logs\nsrdr.log</li></ul></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contains detailed information about the internal operations that are performed by the nsrdr program - NetWorker overwrites this file each time that you run the nsrdr program.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Index log</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><ul><li>Linux: /nsr/logs/index.log</li><li>Windows: C:\Program Files\EMC<br>NetWorker\nsr\logs\index.log</li></ul></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contains warnings about the size of the client file index and low disk space on the file system that contains the index files - By default, the Index size notification on the NetWorker Server sends information to the log file.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hyper-V FLR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><ul><li>Linux: /nsr/logs/Hypervisor/hyperv-flr-ui/<br>hyperv-flr-ui.log</li><li>Windows: C:\Program Files\EMC<br>NetWorker\nsr\logs\hyperv-flrui\hyperv-flr-ui.log</li></ul></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contains status information about the Hyper-V FLR interface</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Snapshot Management</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><ul><li>Linux: /nsr/logs/nwsnap.raw</li><li>Windows: C:\Program Files\EMC<br>NetWorker\nsr\logs\nwsnap.raw /nsr/<br>logs/nwsnap.raw</li></ul></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contains messages that are related to snapshot management operations - For example, snapshot creation, mounting, deletion, and rollover operations. Use the nsr_render_log program to view the contents of the log file.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Media management</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><ul><li>Linux: /nsr/logs/media.log</li><li>Windows: C:\Program Files\EMC<br>NetWorker\nsr\logs\media.log</li></ul></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contains device-related messages - By default, the device notifications on the NetWorker Server send device-related messages to the media.log file on the NetWorker Server and each Storage Node.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recovery Wizard</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><ul><li>Linux: /nsr/logs/recover/<br><em>recover_config_name_YYYYMMDDHHMMSS</em></li><li>Windows: C:\Program Files\EMC<br>NetWorker\nsr\logs\recover\ <em>recover_co<br>nfig_name_YYYYMMDDHHMMSS</em></li></ul></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contains information that can assist you in troubleshooting recovery failures - NetWorker creates a log file on the NetWorker Server for each recover job.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Package Manager log</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><ul><li>Linux: /nsr/logs/nsrcpd.raw</li><li>Windows: C:\Program Files\EMC<br>NetWorker\logs\nsrcpd.raw</li></ul></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contains information that is related to the Package Manager and the nsrpush command<br><br>Use the nsr_render_log program to view the contents of the log file.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Security Audit Logs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><ul><li>Linux: /nsr/logs/<br>NetWorker_server_sec_audit.raw</li><li>Windows: C:\Program Files\EMC<br>NetWorker\logs\Networker_server_sec<br>_audit.raw</li></ul></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contains security audit-related messages</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Policy and Workflow Logs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><ul><li>Linux: /nsr/logs/policy/ <em>Policy_Name</em> / <em>Workflow_Name</em></li><li>Windows: C:\Program Files\EMC<br>NetWorker\logs\ <em>Policy_Name</em> / <em>Workflow_Name</em></li></ul></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The policy/workflow logs are retained as per the jobsdb retention window(default 72 hours).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RabbitMQ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RabbitMQ logs are detailed in KB: <a href="https://tools.jet.su/emc_kb/000212107/index.html">NetWorker: How to enable RabbitMQ Debugging.</a></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>Message Bus server which handles communication between the NetWorker server and NetWorker Management Console (NMC) or NetWorker Web User Interface (NWUI)</p></td></tr></tbody></table>

### NMC Server log files:

<table><tbody><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><strong>Component</strong></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><strong>File name and default location</strong></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><strong>Description</strong></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NMC server log files</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><ul><li>Linux: /opt/lgtonmc/management/logs/gstd.raw</li><li>Windows: C:\Program Files\EMC NetWorker\Management\logs\gstd.raw</li></ul></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contains information that is related to NMC server operations and management - Use the nsr_render_log program to view the contents of the log file</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NMC server database conversion</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><ul><li>Linux: /opt/lgtonmc/logs/gstdbupgrade.log</li><li>Windows: C:\Program Files\EMC NetWorker\Management\logs\gstdbupgrade.log</li></ul></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contains the results of the NMC server database conversion that is performed during an upgrade operation</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NMC web server</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><ul><li>Linux: /opt/lgtonmc/management/logs/web_output</li><li>Windows: C:\Program Files\EMC NetWorker\Management\logs\web_output</li></ul></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contains messages for the embedded Apache httpd web server on the NMC server</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NMC server database log files</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><ul><li>Linux: /opt/lgtonmc/management/nmcdb/pgdata/db_output</li><li>Windows: C:\Program Files\EMC NetWorker\Management\nmcdb\pgdata\db_output</li></ul></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contains messages for the embedded PostgreSQL database server on the NMC server</td></tr></tbody></table>

### Authentication Service Logs:

<table><tbody><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><strong>Component</strong></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><strong>File name and default location</strong></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><strong>Description</strong></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Installation Log</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><ul><li>Linux: /opt/nsr/authc-server/logs/install.log</li><li>Windows: C:\Users\username\AppData\Local\Temp\NetWorker_date_seq_ num_AuthC.log</li></ul></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contains information about the installation of the NetWorker Authentication Service.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">authc_mgmt and<br>authc_config</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><ul><li>Linux:</li></ul><pre><code>$HOME/authc-cli.log</code></pre><p>Where <strong>$HOME </strong>is the home folder for the logged in user. For example, when the root user runs the command, the file location is /root/authc-cli.log.</p><ul><li>Windows: C:\Program Files\EMC NetWorker\nsr\authc-server\logs\authc-cli.log</li></ul></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contains a list of error messages that appeared when a user ran the authc_mgmt and authc_config tools</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Authentication server log</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><ul><li>Linux: /nsr/authc/logs/authc-server.log</li><li>Windows: C:\Program Files\EMC NetWorker\nsr\authc-server\tomcat\logs\authc-server.log</li></ul></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contains security audit messages for the NetWorker Authentication Service.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Audit log</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><ul><li>Linux: /nsr/authc/logs/authc-server-audit.log</li><li>Windows: C:\Program Files\EMC NetWorker\nsr\authc-server\tomcat\logs\authc-server-audit.log</li></ul></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contains security audit messages for the NetWorker Authentication Service.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tomcat Access logger</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><ul><li>Linux: /nsr/authc/logs/localhost_access_log.<em>date</em>.txt</li><li>Windows: C:\Program Files\EMC NetWorker\nsr\authc-server\tomcat\logs\localhost_access_log.<em>date</em>.txt</li></ul></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contains access information for the embedded Apache httpd web server</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Apache Catalina log</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><ul><li>Linux: /nsr/authc/tomcat/logs/catalina.out</li><li>Windows: C:\Program Files\EMC NetWorker\nsr\authc-server\tomcat\logs\catalina.date.log</li></ul></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contain messages for the Apache Tomcat core component.</td></tr></tbody></table>

  
[NetWorker: How To Enable AUTHC DEBUG for Troubleshooting Purposes.](https://tools.jet.su/emc_kb/000196412/index.html)

### NetWorker Client Log Files:

<table><tbody><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><strong>Component</strong></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><strong>File name and default location</strong></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><strong>Description</strong></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NetWorker Client daemons</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><ul><li>Linux/UNIX: /nsr/logs/daemon.raw</li><li>Windows: C:\Program Files\EMC NetWorker\nsr\logs\daemon.raw /nsr/logs/daemon.raw</li></ul></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Main NetWorker log file<br>Use the nsr_render_log program to view the contents of the log file.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User log</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C:\Program Files\EMC NetWorker<br>\logs\networkr.raw</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For Windows, contains a record of every file that was part of an attempted manual backup or recovery operation that is started by NetWorker User program. Subsequent manual backup or recover operations overwrite the file. Use the nsr_render_log program to view the contents of the log file.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Windows Bare Metal Recovery (BMR)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The following files in the X:\Program Files\EMC NetWorker\nsr\logs\ directory:<br>ossr_director.raw</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contains the recovery workflow of the DISASTER_RECOVERY:\ and any errors that are related to recovering the save set files or Windows ASR writer errors. Use the nsr_render_log program to view the contents of the log file.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">...</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">recover.log</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contains the output that is generated by the NetWorker recover.exe program and error messages that are related to critical volume data recovery</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">...</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">winPE_wizard.log</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contains workflow information that is related to the NetWorker BMR wizard user interface</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">...</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">winpe_nw_support.raw</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contains output from the winpe_nw_support.dll library - The output provides information about communications between the NetWorker BMR wizard and the NetWorker Server. Use the nsr_render_log program to view the contents of the log file.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">...</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">winpe_os_support.log</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contains output information that is related to Microsoft native API calls</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CloudBoost - NetWorker Client</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The following log files in the<br>/nsr/logs/cloudboost directory:<br><br>MagFS.log.ERROR.<em>date-timestamp.pid</em>.txt<br>MagFS.log.FATAL.<em>date-timestamp.pid</em>.txt<br>MagFS.log.INFO.<em>date-timestamp.pid</em>.tx</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">These files appear on a client direct-enabled NetWorker Client and contain information about data stored on a CloudBoost device. The severity of the message determines which log file that error message is written to. The maximum size of the log files is 100 MB.<br><br>Before a client direct backup, the save process checks the size of the file. When the maximum size is reached, save starts an automatic trimming mechanism, which renames and compresses the log file. The maximum number of versions for a file is 10. When the number of renamed log files reaches the maximum version value, NetWorker removes the oldest log when a new version of the log file is created.<br><p><span><b>NOTE:</b> The Troubleshooting manual backups section of the NetWorker Administration Guide describes how to use the CB_LOG_DIR_LOCATION environment variable to change the default log file location.</span></p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CloudBoost - CloudBoost Appliance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The following log files in the /nsr/logs/cloudboost directory:<br><br>MagFS.log.ERROR.<em>date-timestamp.pid</em>.txt<br>MagFS.log.FATAL.<em>date-timestamp.pid</em>.txt<br>MagFS.log.INFO.<em>date-timestamp.pid</em>.txt</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">These files appear on the CloudBoost appliance and contain information about operations that are performed on a CloudBoost device. The severity of the message determines which log file that error message is written to. The maximum size of the log files is 100 MB.<br><br>When the maximum size is reached, the nsrmmd process starts an automatic trimming mechanism, which renames and compresses the log file. The maximum number of versions for a file is 10. When the number of renamed log files reaches the maximum version value, NetWorker removes the oldest log when a new version of the log file is created.</td></tr></tbody></table>

### VMware/vProxy Logs:

<table><tbody><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><strong>Log file</strong></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><strong>Default log location</strong></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><strong>Description</strong></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;job-uuid&gt;.log</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><ul><li>Linux: /nsr/logs/adhoc/nsrvproxy_mgmt</li><li>Windows: C:\Program Files\EMC NetWorker\nsr\logs\adhoc\nsrvproxy_mgmt</li></ul></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">vProxy management job log file is created during the redeployment of the associated vProxy.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">vproxy_upgrade_sessio n__&lt; jobuuid&gt;</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><ul><li>Linux: /nsr/logs/adhoc/nsrvproxy_mgmt</li><li>Windows: C:\Program Files\EMC NetWorker\nsr\logs\adhoc\nsrvproxy_mgmt</li></ul></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Associated nsrvisd log file is created during redeployment of the vProxy.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">nsrvisd-daemon.log</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><ul><li>Linux: /opt/nsr/vproxy/logs/nsrvisd</li><li>Windows: C:\Program Files \EMC NetWorker\nsr\vproxy\logs\nsrvisd</li></ul></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Associated nsrvisd detailed log file is created.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProxySessions-.log</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><ul><li>Linux: /nsr/logs/adhoc/nsrvproxy_mgmt</li><li>Windows: C:\Program Files\EMC NetWorker\nsr\logs\adhoc\nsrvproxy_mgmt</li></ul></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Associated ProxySessions log file is created during redeployment of the vProxy.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nsrvisd logs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><ul><li>Linux: /opt/nsr/vproxy/logs/nsrvisd</li><li>Windows: C:\Program Files \EMC NetWorker\nsr\vproxy\logs\nsrvisd</li></ul></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Associated inventory sessions log file is created.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VM backup logs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><ul><li>Linux: /nsr/logs/policy/ <em>Policy_Name</em> / <em>Workflow_Name</em></li><li>Windows: C:\Program Files \EMC NetWorker\nsr\logs\policy\ <em>Policy_Name</em> \ <em>Workflow_Name</em></li></ul></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The VM backup session logs are retained as per the jobsdb retention window(default 72 hours).<p><span><b>NOTE:</b> The VM session logs can also be found on the vProxy appliance.</span></p></td></tr></tbody></table>

  
[NetWorker VMware Protection (NVP)-vProxy: How to Enable Debug Logging.](https://tools.jet.su/emc_kb/000022610/index.html)  

**NOTE:** Additional information about vProxy log locations and analysis can be found in [NVP-vProxy Triage Guide: NetWorker VMware Protection vProxy Triage and Log Collection Guide](https://tools.jet.su/emc_kb/000022016/index.html)

### NetWorker Virtual Edition (NVE) Specific Logs:

Logs specific to NVE deployment and installation can be found in [NVE: Upgrade/Install Failure Triage Guide.](https://tools.jet.su/emc_kb/000156134/index.html)

###### Additional Information

[NetWorker: How to Debug Backup Operations.](https://tools.jet.su/emc_kb/000010035/index.html)  
[NetWorker: How To Collect ddfs.info log from Data Domain.](https://tools.jet.su/emc_kb/000205241/index.html)  
[NetWorker: How To Use pkgcore for generating core dump bundles.](https://tools.jet.su/emc_kb/000203762/index.html)  

#### Article Properties

---

###### Affected Product

NetWorker

###### Product

NetWorker, NetWorker Series, NetWorker for OpenVMS, NetWorker Management Console, NetWorker Module

###### Last Published Date

25 Jul 2024

###### Version

7

###### Article Type

How To