---
created: 2026-01-28
tags:
  - type/note
source:
related:
  - "[[Vplex]]"
area:
up:
  - "[[Обновление VPLEX]]"
---
# План обновления VPlex

## 0. Скачать дистрибутивы

- [ ] VPlex-director-6.2.1.1.0.78-field-disk-image.tar
- [ ] VPlex-6.2.1.1.0.78-director-firmware-package.tar
- [ ] VPlex-6.2.1.1.0.78-management-server-package.tar
- [ ] VPlex-mgmt-server-6.2.1.1.0.78-field-disk-image.tar
- [ ] VPlex-6.2.1.1.0.78-management-server.iso
- [ ] manifest.xml
- [ ] cws-server-6.2.1.1.0.78.ova


## 1. Проверки
- Unconfiguring LDAP/AD 
Run authentication directory-service unconfigure command on cluster 1 and cluster 2.
```sh
VPlexcli:/> authentication directory-service unconfigure
```

- Unconfiguring CWS
Run configuration cw-uninstall on both Cluster 1 and Cluster 2.
```sh
VPlexcli:/> configuration cw-uninstall
```

- Health Check
```sh
VPlexcli:/> health-check
VPlexcli:/> health-check --full
VPlexcli:/> health-check --wan
VPlexcli:/> health-check --wan --verbose
VPlexcli:/> health-check --back-end --verbose
VPlexcli:health-check --limits
```

## 2. Обновление management

- VS2: Upgrade Management Server (With OS Upgrade)
Reimage a system - upgrade OS using ISO and mgmt-server-package tar:
Ensure `/tmp/VPlexInstallPackages` directory path exists. If not, create using steps below:
```sh
service@localhost:~> sudo /usr/sbin/service-maintenance-window
localhost:/home/service # mkdir -p /tmp/VPlexInstallPackages/
localhost:/home/service # chown -R root:groupSvc /tmp/VPlexInstallPackages/
localhost:/home/service # chmod -R 775 /tmp/VPlexInstallPackages/
```

> [!Danger]
> Ensure that the Cluster-1 backup has been taken and kept in the external location. 
> In the absence > of Cluster-1 backup tar, Cluster-2 configuration restore is not possible.
>
> Ensure that the Cluster-1 backup has been taken and kept in the external location. 
> In the absence of Cluster-1 backup tar, Cluster-2 configuration restore is not possible.


## 3. Обновление firmware

## 4. Проверки


## Links and context

## References

>[!note]
>VPLEX-55724 NDU Both NDU to 6.2 SP1 and rollback fails.
If ndu rollback has failed, then run ndu recover, and NOT ndu start. Manual recovery is required.

> [!Note] Upgrading VPlex Witness
> If VPLEX Witness is already installed in the network and configured for VPLEX Metro, upgrade of VPLEX Witness happens
> automatically when you upgrade to this release.
